it's Johanna
so today I'm going to be finally talking
about my boobies and an update for you
guys because so many of you guys have
asked for this video every single video
that I post like the number one comment
and you update us like what's going on
figured now is the perfect time to
update you guys cuz it's been September
so October November December January
February March April May June two hours
later it's gonna be here pretty soon
also which is pretty surreal I actually
asked you guys asking your questions on
breast augmentation as I possibly can
before I answer the questions I first
off just want to say overall my
experience has been great I am very
happy and very satisfied I have no
regrets about counting them done I don't
know I just I love them I love having
boobies like you know I've always wanted
them so anyways I'll go deeper into it
right now with all your questions so
let's get started
number one question that I got because I
know a lot of you guys know that I did
use the peri
areolar basically I went through the
nipple for my incision and you guys have
asked no I have not actually it's quite
opposite so my nipples are sensitive
AF just to kind of give you an idea like
they're super super sensitive so like
it's actually quite opposite I feel
everything in my nipples more so than I
did before so no that's kind of just in
my experience I know some people lose
sensation in their nipples I know that
happens a lot but it did not happen to
me they're actually way more sensitive
so my biggest advice is don't stress it
don't be scared I was super scared Oh
super nervous I was having second
thoughts about getting it done just
don't stress about it it's gonna be
super super easy super smooth sailing
the only thing I would recommend is
definitely you know dump your immune
system so that your body is physically
ready for surgery make sure you're
taking your multivitamins your vitamin C
follow a pretty healthy diet plan I just
I'm saying these things because it will
be easier for you to recover the better
your immune system is the healthier you
are the easier the recovery process so
that's my biggest advice to you and just
overall don't worry about it don't
stress about it when surgery day comes
it's finally gonna kind of all hit you
like a truck like oh my god I'm getting
my boobs done but you know what for me
the biggest thing was having second
thoughts like am I ready for this and I
just knew I wouldn't go through with it
unless I just put all my worries go and
say you know what this is what I wanted
for a long time so I'm gonna do it so
just don't stress about it don't worry
about it make sure that you stay healthy
and prepare your body for the surgery so
I did touch base in the recovery process
a little bit in my boob video my initial
one but basically the recovery process
it's not the best thing in the world you
know it does require kind of like a week
of bed rest and like kind of taking
things slow first few days obviously
awful you're in pain particularly for me
I'm very small framed and I was pretty
flat to begin why there was a little
more painful for me just because my
chest wall was stretching a lot now for
girls that already have something to
start with or a little bit have more
tissue there I feel like it's gonna be a
little less painful for them if they get
it done just because like there's not as
much stretching involved but for me it
was pretty painful but you know
obviously took the pain meds rested in
my bed caught up on some shows Vampire
Diaries I was like binge watching not
the whole recovery way another thing
like the biggest thing is you know
obviously you can't work out so that's
kind of like the most annoying part is
like you can't work out so two months it
did not work out
also you obviously have to be careful
with your first initial days of when you
start like lifting heavy things again so
I think I started you know picking up
heavier things on week two or three you
know obviously the first week you can't
do much
house literally sit in bed like don't
stress your body out because that you
know risks but in that way you kind of
risk bleeding and stuff like that so
it's all about taking things really
really slow I think the hardest part for
me was not working out until so I live
in Miami so we have a lot of boat days I
couldn't go on a boat for like a month
just because you don't want to risk
anything happening to your implant
because of the like boats have like kind
of bumps so that was kind of annoying
basically after the week mark you could
basically go back to your normal life we
do everything again get back into kind
of exercise slowly and I got back into
it slowly I wasn't starting I wasn't
like picking up heavy weights or
anything like that I was doing some like
cardio like muscle movements things like
that overall the recovery process I
wouldn't say it's awful but you do need
to have patience especially if you
really love working out that's gonna
suck and also that first weekend
bed rest it's like you need a lot of
patience because you're gonna want to
get out of bed you're gonna want to go
outside and do stuff but you really
can't just so that you know your
recovery process is smooth oh this is
like a question I actually get asked a
lot by my friends and people I know and
just in general I had very small areolas
to start with just because I had a TV
titties and so now they're actually the
perfect size they're like not like
they're perfect they're not too big
they're not too small so I guess they
did stretch out to answer your question
but I'm happy that they did because they
were a little bit on the smaller end but
now they're actually like perfect I wish
I can show you guys obviously am I going
to but like they're perfect yes they
will stretch out so that is something to
keep in mind like if you already have
quite big areolas I'm not sure if you
would want to get the surgery because it
will make them bigger for sure like a
hundred percent but you know then again
there's nothing wrong with having bigger
nipples or smaller nipples
you know a nipple is a nipple so don't
don't worry about it
so basically this is a number one
question is like kind of like what do
they feel like in your body so the first
few months they did like I obviously
felt rushed to that first month I
literally felt the implant like in my
body like it literally felt to they're
like I feel it when it would move like
it was very very weird
now obviously nine months in I don't
feel them feels like they are
my boobs doesn't feel like there's like
a foreign object or anything like
literally just it feels like my boobs
the only time I can ever really like
feel the implants per se is when I land
my stomach but that being said it hasn't
stopped me from sleeping on my stomach I
do sleep on my stomach a lot less now
because it's not it's obviously just not
as comfortable like you know where I was
completely flat so sleeping on my
stomach was like the best thing ever now
it just feels a little weird like I feel
like I'm squishing my boobs yeah so like
they feel natural they feel like my boob
you know I like when I feel them like
when I touch them they're really like
squishy they're not like you know they
don't feel like hard rocks or anything
like - by the way they will feel like
that for the first month or so first few
months you know they may be a little
hard because it takes time like the
whole thing takes so much time for them
to drop for them to feel more natural no
at first my boobs were super like up
here hard like obviously look terrible
and they started dropping month-by-month
started looking and feeling way more
natural kind of that fluffing phase that
everyone talks about I'm actually going
through it right now like literally my
boobs are the most they are the most
fluffed at the moment so we're happy
about that which I'll show you guys kind
of like a look here so you guys can kind
of see how fluffy or how much they have
dropped without a doubt if you're going
out and you're wearing something that
really shows your boobs like a very
low-cut shirt where you're not wearing a
bra which obviously 99% time I wear bra
but you're not worried overall a low-cut
shirt a shirt that shows your boobs ass
I don't think I've noticed that you know
it does get unwanted attention is it
annoying yes have I learned to deal with
it yes does it make me regret getting
boobs absolutely not
so when I first got them done they felt
so heavy guys like I was getting back
pain for that first month I literally
got back pain after that first month
they stopped feeling heavy my back pain
went away I think your body obviously
gets adjusted to the weight on your
chest so that feeling completely went
away I don't ever struggle with back
pain anymore I was pretty scared I was
like Shh
excuse my language I was like hmm I
don't know maybe can have back pain for
the rest of my life because of larger
breasts and I know a lot of girls that
have naturally large-breasted options
because if they're you know backache so
it's like oh my god like what if I made
a mistake like I don't want to have
backache for the rest of my life but it
didn't happen to me why not why after
like the first month got that heavy
feeling you will definitely definitely
feel it when you first get them done
it's definitely not cheap the quote that
I got originally was fifty five hundred
or the silicone ones like the newest
type of silicone gummybear silicone or
whatever 5500 no I did I'm not gonna lie
I got a slight discount because I did
tell the doctor that I'm a youtuber and
I can mention him and it'd be amazing if
he can give me is like discount which he
did it wasn't like a huge discount but
it definitely did help no obviously no
it did not get my surgery for free and
return for like a sponsorship or
anything like that I paid money out of
my pocket I I think it's worth it you
know especially you need to go to a good
surgeon and a good surgeon is gonna cost
a little bit more money but you know you
are kind of going under the knife it is
your life so make sure you pick like an
amazing surgeon I researched like crazy
for about two or three months before I
decided to go with my doctor was Lenny
Brunner by the way and I'll have him
linked down below all his info in case
you guys were wondering I research like
crazy and then I first went to a
different consultation but then I read I
found a few bad reviews in the second
like I saw a bad review so I was just
like no red flag not going to him and
then I stumbled upon Lenny Rudin ER and
he has like all of the best reviews in
Miami and this guy has like he had like
so much experience I went to my
consultation with him his office was so
professional there and like I just
really liked the atmosphere and I also
had a few and like really close friends
acquaintances so many people that I knew
that actually
to him and I really liked the results I
was like alright I guess I found my
doctor so I don't have any stretch marks
thank God I don't know how I got lucky
enough not to get stretch marks because
I was pretty scared about that happening
but I am completely stretch mark free no
stretch marks at all and then the next
question was scar remedies so my
incision was tiny because it was through
the nipple for the scar I was using
silligan scar gel and think they're only
available through the office yeah I
don't think you can order cyllage it
online it was using it pretty
religiously for like the first few
months I have kind of recently stopped
using it just because like my scars are
pretty much invisible that you can
barely see unless you look super super
close which I obviously no one looks
except for like me or my boyfriend but
like you look super super close you can
see like a tiny little line color of my
skin like it's invisible so like I'm
really really happy with my incision
luckily thank God because I was really
scared about that the cyllage in
obviously hope I heard it's like one of
the best scar creams on the market and
you know my doctor heavily recommended
it and everyone in the office
recommended it so I bought it and I was
using it be religiously like I said for
the first few months pain pretty much
pain I would say subsided after a month
which I know is gonna say a long time I
mean no I wasn't having like aching pain
for a month but sometimes I'd get like
random shooting pain really random pains
out of nowhere and that's normal it's
your body just getting used to the new
objects
I guess foreign things in the body and
your chest wall stretching so yeah I
would get like a random shooting things
for the first month which was a little
weird I got kind of freaked out by it
but it did go away to the first month
you're pretty much good like you won't
kind of you won't feel any pain or
anything like that let me refresh so I
know I got more questions
No I sleep on my side 99% I'm even like
I mentioned before I sleep on my stomach
is it comfortable it's not super
comfortable but I still do it I still
sleep on my stomach like I love sleeping
on my stomach I never sleep on my back
the only time I slipped on my back was
you know that first two weeks cuz I was
kind of scared of moving around or
anything like that definitely like I
sleep as I want as I am comfortable
let's see all of my friends and
including my boyfriend like everyone
around me was super supportive my mom
was not too happy about it she was not
supportive of it and so that's kind of
like a huge deal breaker my mom is very
traditional as I'm sure all moms are
know as a mom you want your kids to
accept themselves the way they are and
say like you're beautiful that way or
you don't need anything which probably
is true for all of us like we don't need
it but I don't think that you know we
want so I just kind of told my mouth and
you really want to do and I'm gonna do
it she wasn't supportive it's a few days
before it she was like alright I know
you're doing it so I'm just gonna be
supportive I see if she was supportive
about it like throughout the whole
journey it would have been so much less
nerve-wracking for me but because my mom
was kind of like against it I was pretty
nervous about it I was like what if
she's right like what if something's
gonna go wrong you know moms are usually
right so you're just like hmm but you
know I just decided that you know it is
my mom and my mom in particular is like
extra traditional he's like against all
that kind of stuff which I completely
understand and respect it so you know
but I just told her like look I'm no I'm
an adult do as I please learn to accept
it and after I got them done she
actually said they look really good and
it's pretty chill about it and I didn't
have any unsupportive friends or
anything like that but I did get some
hate hate I would say on the first video
that I posted a lot of people were just
like you know this is like society
standard it's like it's messed up that
we just can't accept ourselves for who
we are it's like we're living in a black
mirror episode this done now there's a
ton of negativity but there was also a
lot of positive things so I just kind of
tended to overlook the negative because
at the end of the day it's plastic
surgery people will always have a
negative opinion on plastic surgery it's
never I don't think it's ever gonna be
like super super accepted I mean here in
the US where it's like I would say like
90% of people again plastic surgery it's
still not accepted it's still kind of a
taboo so I chose to be open about it so
I kind of opened myself to that hate I
couldn't easily you know just not talked
about it or lied about it or just not
inform you guys or not even have made
that video just because I didn't want to
get hate but I knew what I was getting
myself into and I knew that our people
are gonna hate on it so I tend to ignore
it it has not affected me at all I don't
care about what they have to say another
day I'm happy I love the way they look I
love everything about it I've always
wanted it since I was little and I think
the biggest thing is like oh like you
shouldn't like live up to society's
standards I'm like come on guys I did
this for me
I literally have been wanting this since
I was like 15 14 and when I was in high
school it was I'll even get a boob job
when I'm older because I'm not happy
with my boobs they're tiny and I want to
get a boob job am I staying because you
have small boobs you should get a boob
job absolutely not I'm saying that I
just personally I wanted to do it
because I've always wanted it and I love
the way they look like I love the look
of larger breasts and that's just me now
am i thankful for everything else that I
have and the way you know cuz I believe
in God the way God made me of course I
am I'm really thankful because people
are all like oh man I like they're
really pretty this does not like you
should have just been happy with kind of
like what God has given you and I'm just
like listen like we can say that about
so many celebrities and people but you
know there's people that would think
they're perfect that are still like
photoshopping their picture no one's
ever 100% satisfied no matter how you
look I don't regret getting my boobs
done I love them I know that there's a
lot of talk about like breast implant
illness and things like that I have not
noticed anything in myself and I did not
even care to read up on it because I did
not want to scare myself start thinking
that because once you put an idea enter
your mind and once you start looking up
symptoms or looking up they mate happen
and with the breast implant illness sure
there's a lot of very valid cases like
the end of the day it's a foreign object
in your body things can a hundred
percent happen your body can reject it
your body cannot want it whatever thinks
a hundred percent can happen and I'm not
denying that has it happened to me no
and I'm thankful and knock on wood I'm
sure
that things can happen just like it can
with any kind of surgery
that's kind of my view on that I never
wanted to look interesting with analyst
cuz I didn't want to scare myself or
make gear cuz you can make yourself
believe that you have something even
though you don't so I just don't want to
manifest things into my life so I choose
just to not even look into it because I
didn't want to you know kind of manifest
sudden into happening in my life so pain
level for me when I just got out of like
when I just woke up from the anesthesia
was about an 8.5 out of 10 very painful
but also I kind of got a very low dosage
of anesthesia because at the time I was
actually skinnier than I am right now I
was at my like skinniest point and I was
very like tiny so I you know gave me a
lower dose of anesthesia and when I woke
up and she should come like it like wore
off like I felt everything and yeah it
was pretty painful I like to not wait
until I could eat and take my pain meds
started taking my pain meds see the pain
was like a 4 out of 10 like it was
completely bearable like it was nothing
terrible at all the only super bad pain
for me was when I just woke up from
surgery that varies with different
people some people say they wake up and
don't feel any pain I think it varies on
like your doctor how much anesthesia
you've got this that but for me yeah at
that moment when I just woke up was like
horrible I was like oh my god why did I
do this this is the worst pain I've ever
experienced in my life not to scare you
guys but yeah that was the truth but
that lasted like I dealt with that pain
and I have a good pain tolerance I dealt
with it for like an hour until I ate it
took my pain meds and that was it and
then the next few days it wasn't like
pain it was more like discomfort like
your chest wall stretching and stuff it
was more discomfort
so yeah two months after didn't feel
comfortable in the first month to work
out at all and then towards the second
month I started slowly slowly doing like
little exercises I was like walking and
stuff now cardio actually running I was
kind of scared I would never feel
comfortable just come on I don't know I
I kind of freaked me out like I thought
like my implant was gonna like rotate I
don't know I was just scared of running
because I know it's no obviously uh
that's the right word it's just it's
gonna put pressure on your chest from
the bouncing and going up and down so I
didn't start running until I think five
or four months post-op so that's yeah
that's definitely something to consider
but you could definitely probably start
two months after it I personally was
just scared too I just wanted to be a
hundred percent sure that I can run and
you know I'm running now pretty normally
I ran three miles the other day
completely fine I am a 34 double D
Victoria's Secret size and then like
intimacy size and those brands I'm a 34c
so some reason they're my trade secret
I'm a double D not sure why anyways my
cup that you know that I told the doctor
I wanted is a C cup so technically I'm
supposed to be a C cup and C cup does
fit me the TT is just kind of like a
little bit more loose and comfortable I
was before I was a B but a very low B
maybe even borderline a I personally
thought I was an A but the the lady over
here was like no you're B but in my mind
I was in a like I was tiny I literally
had nothing honestly I'm just thinking
about this because because my overall
whole process has been so positive the
number one thing is like first month I
had numbness on the left side of my
breasts and I it's not even that I
didn't know I knew that was a possible
chance so like it was obviously kind of
annoying cuz I was like scared that I
would forever have numbness there but I
did I did gain my sensation back guys so
I have no numbness anywhere I have
sensation all over my chest area so you
know there's really nothing I wish I
knew like everything has been amazing
I'm super super happy with the size so
it's not so much that the size changes
actually wanted to go smaller I wanted
to do 300 CC and I did 325 and I went
bigger because they told me that when it
goes into the muscle it's going to be a
little smaller than what it looks like
when you're trying on the little
implants in the sports bra so I decided
to go a little bigger and I'm really
happy than I did because I feel like if
I went smaller I would have been like
just a little bit too satisfied and then
like I went through surgery might as
well just make them a little bigger you
know and I'm super happy with the size
it's the perfect C cup exactly what I
wanted based on the pictures that I
showed my doctor yeah I'm super super
happy with the size I think they suit my
body really really well even nine months
in they're still dropping more and more
like now they have dropped so much like
tremendously like the amount that they
have dropped since my initial you don't
look the saint like the same boot
there's so much more natural-looking now
they're fluffier they feel so much more
natural they feel like so much more like
my own boobs guys this is only the
biggest thing with the breast dog is it
takes time you have to be patient you
can't expect the results that you want
right away because month one is they're
not gonna look like they do in month 9
right now which is where I'm at so
overall I heard that after a year and a
half they're out there like full
recovery stage so that are like the most
dropped I'm really happy at where they
are right now
super super job like much lower on my
body um I don't know even like here if
you can kind of tell but they kind of
when I first got them done they kind of
were like here and now they're like like
much lower in my body like me crazy
crazy amount but you know what when I
first got them done I thought they
looked good because I had nothing before
so I was like no this looks amazing but
now I look back at pictures from when I
first got them done I'm like oh my god
they look just so bad like so fake
looking that's gonna happen they look
super fake it for super hard just really
high up on your chest wall give it a few
months guys they start dropping month by
month every single month I see a
difference every single month they drop
more and more so I would have to say
that the most drop that I saw the
six-month point
and after that six-month point they just
look fluffier and fluffier and fluffier
month by month so that's kind of how it
was for me this is key and I feel like
those were all like really really great
questions I hope you guys enjoyed this
video I know that this has been a long
awaited video by so many of you guys
everyone has been asking for this video
so and it's really really informative to
kind of know you know how the whole
process is especially after and like the
overall results after hope you guys I
answered like most of your questions and
this was helpful if I did miss anything
feel free to comment down below and like
ask because I might have missed like
some really really good questions but I
feel like all the ones that I answered
or like super super important guys
thanks so much for watching this video
make sure you give it a thumbs up and
subscribe to me guys if you are new to
my channel and hit that notification
button so you never miss out on any of
my new videos I love you guys so much
and guess what I'll see you in my next
video bye guys
[Music]